Add runtime changes to beta 3 release note (#926)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-beta3-release-note.md

### Runtime Updates

#### Improvements

> ##### Improved configurable variables to support xml types through TOML syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Improved Configurable Variables to Support XML Types Through TOML Syntax
```

> The `configurable` feature is improved to support variables with xml types through the TOML syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `configurable` feature is improved to support variables with XML types through the TOML syntax.
```

> For example, if the xml typed configurable variables are defined in the following way,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the XML-typed configurable variables are defined in the following way,
```

``` ballerina
configurable xml xmlVar = ?;
```

> The values can be provided in `Config.toml` as follows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the values can be provided in the `Config.toml` file as follows.
```

```toml
xmlVar = "<book><name>Sherlock Holmes</name></book>"
```

> ##### Improved configurable variables to support additional fields and rest fields for records

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Improved Configurable Variables to Support Additional Fields and Rest Fields for Records
```

The `configurable` feature is improved to support additional fields and rest fields in record variables through the TOML syntax.

For example, if a configurable variable with open record type is defined in the following way,

```ballerina
type Person record {
};

configurable Person person = ?;
```

> The values can be provided in `Config.toml` as follows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the values can be provided in the `Config.toml` file as follows.
```

```toml
[person]
intVal = 22
floatVal = 22.33
stringVal = "abc"
arrVal = [1,2,3]
mapVal.a = "a"
mapVal.b = 123
```

The additional fields that are created from the TOML values will have the following types.

> TOML Integer - `int`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TOML Integer - `int`
```
Shall we have these as a bulleted list?

TOML Float - `float`
TOML String - `string`
TOML Boolean - `boolean`
TOML Table - `map<anydata>`
TOML Table array - `map<anydata>[]`

> Similarly, if a configurable variable with a record type that contains a rest field is defined in the following way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, if a configurable variable with a record type that contains a rest field is defined in the following way,
```

```ballerina
public type Numbers record {|
   int ...;
|};

configurable Numbers numbers = ?;
```

> The values can be provided in `Config.toml` as follows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the values can be provided in the `Config.toml` file as follows.
```

```toml
num1 = 11
num2 = 26
```

> ##### Improved print error stacktrace with cause

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Improved the Printed Error Stacktrace to Include the Cause
```

> Error stack trace has been improved to have the error cause locations. Stack frames of the wrapped error causes are also added to the stack trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error stack trace has been improved to include the error cause locations. Stack frames of the wrapped error causes are also added to the stack trace.
```

> e.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g.,
```

For the following example,
```ballerina
public function main() {
    panic bar();
}
function bar() returns error {
    return error("a", y());
}
function y() returns error {
    return x();
}
function x() returns error {
    return error("b");
}
```

> The expected stack trace is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the expected stack trace will be as follows.
```

```
error: a
at cause_location.0:bar(main.bal:6)
cause_location.0:main(main.bal:2)
cause: b
at cause_location.0:x(main.bal:14)
cause_location.0:y(main.bal:10)
... 2 more
```

##### New Runtime Java APIs

> ###### Invoke ballerina object method asynchronously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Invoking the Ballerina Object Method Asynchronously
```

> New JAVA Runtime API is introduced for execute ballerina object method from Java. Object method caller can decide weather to execute the object method sequentially or concurrently using isIsolated parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new JAVA Runtime API is introduced for executing a Ballerina object method from Java. The object method caller can decide whether to execute the object method sequentially or concurrently using the `isIsolated` parameter.
```

```java
invokeMethodAsync(BObject, String, String, StrandMetadata, boolean, Callback, Map, Type, Object...)}
```

> Previous invokeMethodAsync methods are deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `invokeMethodAsync` methods that were there previously are deprecated.
```

> ######  API to retrieve ballerina object or object method is isolated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
######  Isolation of the API to Retrieve a Ballerina Object or an Object method
```

> Following two new APIs are introduced to ObjectType.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following two new APIs are introduced to the `ObjectType`.
```

```java
    boolean isIsolated();

    boolean isIsolated(String methodName);
```

> ##### Removed package version from runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Removed the Package Version from the Runtime
```

> Full qualified package version has been removed from runtime and will only have major version. So when we provide 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fully-qualified package version has been removed from the runtime and will only have the major version. Therefore, when you provide 
```

> the version to ballerina runtime java api like create runtime values, we need to provide only package runtime version. Stacktraces will contain only major package versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the version to the Ballerina runtime Java API like creating runtime values, you need to provide only the package runtime version. The stack traces will contain only the major package versions.
```
